Mr. Jiang
Shanshan is my daughter
And you know what?
Sorry Mr. Jiang
I don't know how many other jobs you've had him take
Really not
He only came to the modeling agency yesterday.
You are the first.
I'll get him out of the modeling agency right away
Shanshan likes to be a model
I will definitely support
But only models
Do you understand?
Yes
Can the boss advance the fulcrum salary?
How long have you been laid off? Pay in advance
If I gave it to you
What if you don't come in the future?
No, I will definitely come tomorrow.
A pretty girl like you
What about work-study?
Is the money spent on luxury goods?
Vanity works for such a petty person
What good treatment can you get?
Let's go what did you say
I said I have something to be dirty about
How do you think of others?
Zhang Yufeng, why are you here?
Stop working for him
Aren't you short of money?
I have it, take it and spend it casually.
I don't want your money.
Can't you just pay me back when you make money?
Who doesn't have an urgent need for money?
How do you come to work here?
What about your part-time job at a modeling agency?
I am short of money now
I just want to accompany the clients of the modeling agency to dinner
Make more money.
It was discovered by my grandmother
You called me so many times that day
Just to borrow money
OK